[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/persistence/README.md

# Kogito Persistence Addons

> These addons add the persistence capability to Kogito projects. Please check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito Persistence Addons add persistence capability to Kogito projects.See 
```

> The Kogito Persistence Add-ons add persistence capability to Kogito projects.See 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Kogito Persistence Add-ons adds persistence capability to Kogito projects.See 
```
